Welcome to the third course
of this specialization.
This course is called natural language
processing with sequence models.
In this course, here are some
of the things you get to build.
First, you take sentiment analysis to
the next level with deep neural networks.
You also build a language generator
using RNNs or recurrent neural networks.
You apply LSTM units.
LSTM stands for long short term memory.
You apply LCM units to the problem
of named entity recognition.
And, finally you use Siamese networks to
identify duplicate questions like say
if there's an online discussion forum and
different people are asking questions.
Can you figure out if two different people
ask essentially the same question but
with different wording?
With the skills you develop in this
course, you'll be able to build powerful
NLP systems to solve problems
across a wide range of industries.
It is my pleasure to welcome Lukasz and
Younes as your instructors for
this course and they're thrilled to
dive into these topics with you.
Younes, perhaps you could say
a bit more about the applications
that learners will build in this course.
>> Sure thing.
Thanks, Andrew.
Well, I'd like to start by saying
that in the first two courses of
the specialization, you build a powerful
foundation that will provide you with
both the context and the fundamental
skills you need to tackle this course.
For example, you've already done
sentiment analysis in course one with
a simple naive Bayes classifier.
But now, you will leverage the power of
deep neural networks to build a much more
robust sentiment analysis classifier.
You've also seen how to do things like
predict the next word in a sequence,
using relatively simple n-gram
language models in course two.
In this course, you'll create an advanced
model using recurrent neural networks
to generate text.
You can think of this course as taking
the step from foundational skills into
building real world NLP applications.
>> Very cool, Younes.
I think that's a great
way to think about it.
Lukasz, maybe you could say a bit more
about the applications learners will
get to build.
>> Sure, thank you, Andrew.
Well, as you saw in the first course,
the problem of sentiment
analysis is a really tricky one.
But in many applications you want to
determine the sentiment of a sentence.
So it's a really good
problem to work on as well.
With language modeling, which you'll
tackle in week two of this course,
the problems you can solve
are almost infinite.
From translation to autocomplete
to generating text from scratch.
In week three of this course, you'll work
on named entity recognition, which is
the problem of separating named entities
in sentences, like people and places.
This is a building block of
many important NLP systems.
Finally, in week four you will tackle
the problem of identifying duplicates.
The question whether two pieces of
texts are duplicates of each other
might not sound very interesting at first,
but as you will see,
it's actually core building block
of things like online forums and
search engines and
we'll show you how to solve it.
So we're really excited to show
you these applications and
bring your skills to the next level.
>> Thank you Lukasz and thank you Younes.
This is going to be an exciting course,
so let's get started.
>> Good luck.
>> Have fun.